android.accounts.AccountManager.ddOnAccountsUpdatedListener phone
android.accounts.AccountManager.get account
android.accounts.AccountManager.getAccounts account
android.accounts.AccountManager.getAccountsByTypeAndFeatures account
android.accounts.AccountManager.getAccountsByType phone
android.accounts.AccountManager.getAuthTokenByFeatures phone
android.accounts.AccountManager.hasFeatures phone
android.accounts.AccountManager.invalidateAuthToken account
android.app.Activity.getSystemService phone
android.app.ActivityManager.getRecentTasks phone
android.app.ActivityManager.getRunningAppProcesses phone
android.app.ActivityManager.getRunningServices phone
android.app.ActivityManager.getRunningTasks phone
android.content.ContentResolver.openFileDescriptor filesystem
android.content.ContentResolver.openInputStream filesystem
android.content.ContentResolver.openOutputStream filesystem
android.content.ContentResolver.query tobedetermined
android.content.ContentResolver.registerContentObserver phone
android.content.Context.getCacheDir filesystem
android.content.Context.openFileInput filesystem
android.content.Intent.getExtras ipc
android.database.Cursor.getString tobedetermined
android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase.openDatabase database
android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase.rawQuery database
android.database.sqlite.SQLiteDatabase.update database
android.hardware.Camera.open picture
android.hardware.Camera.takePicture picture
android.hardware.SensorEventListener.onAccuracyChanged sensor
android.hardware.SensorEventListener.onSensorChanged sensor
android.hardware.SensorListener.onAccuracyChanged sensor
android.hardware.SensorListener.onSensorChanged sensor
android.hardware.SensorManager.registerListener sensor
android.location.Address.getAddressLine location
android.location.Address.getAdminArea location
android.location.Address.getCountryCode location
android.location.Address.getCountryName location
android.location.Address.getFeatureName location
android.location.Address.getLatitude location
android.location.Address.getLocality location
android.location.Address.getLongitude location
android.location.Address.getSubLocality location
android.location.Geocoder.getFromLocationName location
android.location.Geocoder.<init> location
android.location.Geocoder.isPresent location
android.location.Location.distanceTo location
android.location.Location.getAltitude location
android.location.Location.getBearing location
android.location.Location.getLatitude location
android.location.Location.getLongitude location
android.location.Location.getTime location
android.location.LocationListener.onLocationChanged location
android.location.LocationManager.getBestProvider location
android.location.LocationManager.getLastKnownLocation location
android.location.LocationManager.getProvider location
android.location.LocationManager.getProviders location
android.location.LocationManager.isProviderEnabled location
android.location.LocationManager.requestLocationUpdates location
android.media.AudioRecord voice
android.media.ExifInterface.getLatLong location
android.media.ExifInterface.<init> picture
android.media.ExifInterface picture
android.media.MediaPlayer.setDataSource media
android.media.MediaPlayer.start media
android.media.MediaRecorder.setAudioSource media
android.media.MediaRecorder.setVideoSource media
android.net.DhcpInfo.ipAddress network
android.net.wifi.WifiInfo.getConnectionInfo network
android.net.wifi.WifiInfo.getIpAddress network
android.net.wifi.WifiInfo.getSSID network
android.net.wifi.WifiManager.getDhcpInfo network
android.os.Bundle.getStringArrayList tobedetermined
android.os.DropBoxManager.getNextEntry phone
android.os.Environment.getDataDirectory filesystem
android.os.Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory sdcard
android.os.Environment.getExternalStoragePublicDirectory sdcard
android.os.Environment.getExternalStorageState sdcard
android.os.Message.obtain network
android.provider.Browser.BOOKMARKS_URI browserbookmark
android.provider.Browser.HISTORY_PROJECTION browserhistory
android.speech.SpeechRecognizer.cancel voice
android.speech.SpeechRecognizer.startListening voice
android.speech.SpeechRecognizer.stopListening voice
android.telephony.cdma.CdmaCellLocation.getBaseStationId phone
android.telephony.SmsMessage.getMessageBody sms
android.telephony.SmsMessage.getOriginatingAddress sms
android.telephony.SmsMessage.SmsMessage.getMessageBody sms
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getCellLocation location
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getDeviceId deviceid
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getDeviceSoftwareVersion phone
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getLine1Number phone
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getNeighboringCellInfo phone
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getNetworkCountryIso phone
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getSimSerialNumber serialid
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getSubscriberId phone
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getVoiceMailAlphaTag voice
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.getVoiceMailNumber voice
android.telephony.TelephonyManager.incomingCallNumber phone
android.view.OrientationListener.onAccuracyChanged location
android.view.OrientationListener.onSensorChanged phone
android.widget.QuickContactBadge.assignContactFromEmail phone
android.widget.QuickContactBadge.assignContactFromPhone contact
java.io.ByteArrayInputStream.<init> filesystem
java.io.File filesystem
java.io.File.<init> filesystem
java.io.FileInputStream filesystem
java.io.FileInputStream.available filesystem
java.io.FileInputStream.close filesystem
java.io.FileInputStream filesystem
java.io.FileInputStream.finalize filesystem
java.io.FileInputStream.getChannel filesystem
java.io.FileInputStream.getFD filesystem
java.io.FileInputStream.read filesystem
java.io.FileInputStream.skip filesystem
java.io.File.listFiles filesystem
java.lang.String.substring tobedetermined
java.net.DatagramPacket.getAddress network
java.net.DatagramPacket.getData network
java.net.DatagramPacket.getPort network
java.net.DatagramPacket<init> network
java.net.DatagramSocket.receive network
java.net.Socket.getInetAddress network
java.net.Socket.getInputStream network
java.net.Socket.getLocalAddress network
java.net.Socket.<init> network
java.net.Socket network
java.net.URL.getProtocol network
java.util.Random.<init> random
java.util.Random.nextDouble random
java.util.Random.nextInt random
java.util.Random random
org.apache.http.client.methods.HttpGet.<init> network
org.apache.http.client.methods.HttpGet network
org.apache.http.HttpEntity.getContent network
org.apache.http.HttpResponse.getEntity network
android.content.SharedPreferences.getBoolean preferences
android.content.SharedPreferences.getInt preferences
android.content.SharedPreferences.getFloat preferences
android.content.SharedPreferences.getLong preferences
android.content.SharedPreferences.getString preferences
android.content.SharedPreferences.getStringSet preferences
android.content.SharedPreferences.getAll preferences
android.content.SharedPreferences.contains preferences
